[Music]
Hello everybody welcome back today is
Friday which means it's nonsense day
it's November 15th
2024 also a little bit of AI tiny bit
and then we get to nonsense more and
more AI every week yeah just like the
world and this is an interesting one
because uh when it comes to
whistleblowing The Whistleblower laws
are fairly specific like you have to be
whistleblowing
corruption or uh you know falsifying
documents dodging regulations you can't
just blow a whistle and say trying to
destroy Humanity so the AI
whistleblowers they don't know what to
ask for the headline is AI workers seek
whistleblower cover to expose emerging
threats but this article
like we've done stories a lot of stories
of whistleblowers that should be
protected under whistleblower laws and
often they are not and so this is saying
I I'm of two minds like I got I got some
some whiffs of propaganda from this in
the sense that there's a lot of
companies that are very threatened by
the potentially disruptive Ai and they
want to pump the brakes on it and
certainly companies that are in
industries that can be automated by AI
are jinning up a lot of those kinds of
fears
so but it's going to be done one way or
the other so you know I don't know did
you get any hints off of this that it
was just like a bit of malfeasance in
terms
of I don't believe that anybody would be
in a position to blow the whistle in
that kind of a way unless the company
were explicitly working on we should
build an AI agent that figures out which
which people to
kill well they could certainly open AI
like maybe they're not destroying the
world but they completely sold us one
thing and then when they became huge
they were like oh no charity goodness
for well what about the guy that was
fired from Google like his concerns they
painted him like he was a crazy person
but his concerns seemed well articulated
and perhaps a bit premature but I think
both were true yeah those are real
threats and he was a crazy
person but not protected under any
whistleblower any existing or
contemplated whistleblower laws is that
I
mean well is this the greatest
ever uh squatting on a domain in history
I think this might take the record open
AI just spent more than $10 million on a
URL chat.com goes exactly where you'd
expect it to they uh I like they put it
as a question in this headline but yes
the answer is yes and it was more like
million I don't see the value there
there were some amazing memes that were
posted online it was like CFO of open AI
was like you spend what on what it's
really easy to think that who who is
living under a rock and they don't know
what open AI is at this point right but
when we get to the nonsense section
there's a story that might make you
rethink that there's some amazing
nonsense this week and we're not talking
about just the Reese's monkeys
either and when it comes to you know
like the the cycle of AI propaganda we
are completely done with it's not going
to take jobs because now we have
headlines like this this is insane
perplexity CEO offers an AI company
services to replace the Striking New
York Times staff hey we've got some
trained stuff
on riding would you like but it's not
the r it's the tech team which makes
this even more confusing it's like
aren't you offering essentially to
automate your own jobs away eventually
now the tech team went on strike right
before the election which was a power
play like oh you need some tech during
the heaviest time that your paper will
ever get hit and uh this guy was accused
of being a SC
because that takes away that the power
from them
there just does feel a little
scabby and uh also the other thing like
it's not going to take our jobs but also
we're not depending on it for really
important stuff right we're just using
it to reformat emails and it's harmless
but someone has leaked some training
documents that might contradict that
leaked to training shows how doctors in
New York's biggest hospital system are
using Ai and it's not this this to me
didn't seem like the doctors were using
AI in a terribly unreasonable way but I
can see why it might might make patients
and other doctors nervous well there
were a couple of things in here uh where
they were letting it look at like uh
scans and stuff and make decisions so
and Christa as a resident house expert
you're going to have to weigh in here
I've watched a lot of Television about
doctors so I think the danger here would
be that somebody evaluates a patient and
it's like oh this is a staff infection
and I don't want to write up all the all
the all the verbose stuff about a staff
infection and so they do and they and
then they have the chat GPT you know
write up a lot of stuff as like you know
standard issue like whatever notes you
would add for that but the AI adds a lot
of details that were not actually there
in the patient and when you know
something unusual happens with that
patient and it is a house type situation
a doctor looks at that and like oh this
a first doctor observed something that
is very consistent with a staff
infection but it wasn't actually
something the first doctor observed it
was just something inserted by the thing
cuz when you say staff you usually see
these things well last week we talked
about the transcription service that
inserted the terror knife yeah yeah it's
like should I should I submit this
patient for a psych evaluation and then
it's like well that had nothing to do
with whatever their problem
was and AI is in it's being inserted
everywhere that it can especially
especially micros moft because clearly
Microsoft has invested everything into
this and no product that they sell will
be left without it even Microsoft
Notepad is getting AI text editing now I
I don't want it again it's that I can
type some words here I need this and
then it can translate it into actual
language because we've lost the ability
to communicate with each other with
words I just I want something like
sometimes I just open notepad it's like
I need to paste something without
formatting that's all I want I don't
need your aibs on top of it you know
what's a crime when I get a message from
you that is way more words than you
needed to tell me the thing that you
needed to tell me but I'm also very
guilty of that
myself and whmo is uh they got their
self-driving cars and that is actually
not AI at least not like language model
AI but they're saying hey there's room
for it weo explores using Google's
Gemini to train its Robo
taxis I don't I was I would not have
believed this but I saw a demo and I
don't know if this was true did you see
the construction site demo where
somebody just took their cell phone and
walked through a construction site and
then they fed the video to something and
it the prompt was hey look through this
video and tell me all the OSHA
violations and it did a reasonable job
it's like this should have had a barrier
and this is not safe and this is a thing
and this is whatever maybe that's why
musk doesn't like open AI anymore well I
don't think he likes open AI anymore
because they got rid of him and went the
other way no no he's upset because it's
flagging all the times he got rid of
yellow in his
factories I don't know if that video was
even real but that is probably something
that is aligned with the future people
are building right now which is an
interesting future well I don't know if
that video was real it's something that
we're all going to be living for the
rest of our lives and over at Disney
obviously their videos aren't real but
the question of did a human even have
any hand in this is going to be a big
one going forward Disney forms dedicated
AI an XR group to coordinate companywide
use and adoption it expects to grow the
office technology enablement to about
100 individuals so Disney's leaning all
in they think that they can build some
amazing experiences using Ai and stuff
they need to pump out more slop I don't
I didn't get the impression that it was
we're going to make you know The Little
Mermaid 37 as much as it was we could
build an individualized Little Mermaid
experience to really really mess with
somebody's psyche
no they're making magical places on
Earth well it's magic it's dark magic
you s a little of your soul every time
you use it blood magic like Disney
literally has figured out the Hasbro
model it's like oh this is a thing we
can do to Children's psychology let's
lean into that or maybe it's like uh
what is it Masters of the Universe
figurines where you have like a
different one yeah they they'll use AI
to make figurines like that yeah just
for you yeah tailored to
you that's going to be a crazy
collectible scene isn't it yeah and
Prime video is also not immune they have
to give you AI whether you want it or
not Prime video will let you summon AI
to recap what you're watching Christa
you got to love this right because
that's how you consume TV I I'm puzzled
by this though because they said it
would not give you spoilers and I was
like if I'm watching a recap or if I'm
reading a recap I want spoilers I don't
think they're going to be able to stop
here right yeah a human would have to go
behind it and make sure that makes no
sense to me
I mean they spoil with action figures
these days you you ever reread a book
that you've read a bunch of times and
then notice a lot of little things and
it's like oh that was a really clever
thing that I should have picked up on
the first time that AI think might be
useful for that I've read books that I
read when I was a teenager and I was
like oh I was dumb I didn't understand
any of this there's some themes in here
that I didn't even pick up on
yeah and uh Netflix as we said they
fired everybody from their gaming
division they've gotten rid of their
interactive titles why would they do
that Netflix bullish on J AI for games
after laying off human de human game
developers okay the the executive they
interviewed I looked him up and
like I think he mostly did like Point
and- click adventure stuff before and I
was like well I guess that makes sense
but you're it's it's a very casual crap
you're playing with your remote that
makes
sense and the Time Has Come however only
for a very specific group of people I'm
afraid that I won't get this anytime
soon but I'm so ready really Amazon
starts drone deliveries in Arizona and
that is not at all the kind of drone
that I imagine they would be using it's
a very strange looking one isn't it are
you against this no no Krist I don't
know if I want this it's noisy I don't
want that noise in my neighbor one of
the level one benchmarks for we're
living in the future was I can have TP
delivered by drone while I'm on the
throne and it's up to 5 lbs so you could
get the small package
yeah it's like $20 Amazon fee emergency
TP
now how badly do I run my life that I
run out of TP a lot we found out a lot
of people in 2020 poorly managed their
lives yeah I didn't keep a big stockpile
but I didn't find it that hard to find I
did have to go to brands that I didn't
like yeah that was the thing the
emergency
fabulous well uh should we let our
children be raised by robots obviously
your knee-jerk reaction is no but right
now it seems that no one's raising them
so could it be an improvement Toddler
Show increased physical activity with a
robot Playmate moving around the room
just like a laser with a cat toy it's
almost exactly like that right however
my cats won't go for the automated toy
at all really that I have to be playing
with it even the spinny one with the
feather even the spinny one I know a
little while they but then eventually
they're like no I understand what this
does human babies not so much they had
two groups well they had three groups
they had one with no robot one with a
robot with a PlayStation controller that
the parents were running and one fully
autonomous robot there was no difference
between the the second two wow babies
were totally fine the autonomous robot
if they approached it it would make
noises and blow bubbles oh kids love BS
my cats would love that too so the
autonomous robot bear from Steven
Spielberg's classic film AI is what we
need to build well they built
it I noticed that they had the Chinese
spot robots on clearance on Amazon for
like
$25,000 and it was like oh oh yeah but
that's calling home you have to lock
down the network pretty good but he
needs something to bring his drone TP
from the porch to the bathroom
it would be you know that sometimes the
dog will get the mail but it'll shred it
yeah
yeah now we've not had a black hole
story in sometime uh but I could not
pass this one up now this is amazing the
accretion disc when a black hole is just
gobbling in as much food as it can it's
basically a traffic jam at its mouth
there's too much that controls how much
it can eat we were wrong about that this
black hole is eating stuff at over 40
times the the theoretical limit spinning
through space closer and closer to us
the Edington limit so it's like the
pressure of the heat from all of the
matter gathered at the Event Horizon
like all of the light coming off of that
should be so much light pressure that
this black hole starves itself and yet
it continues to consume at 40 times the
theoretical limit this could only happen
if it formed in the early universe and
this is a very distant
object so the guess is when it first
starts eating it can go way over the
limit that we thought when it's a part
of a new
universe probably
a a separate universes are it's one of
the Mandela
universes a happier universe that's what
triggers a shift into an adjacent
Mandela universe is every time we poke
one of
those and here was a little bit of a
mystery that I don't think has been
solved I saw this somewhere else before
I saw it here there was a story about
one guy going now we find out it was
everybody I don't want to raise any
alarms could it be Xenomorphs I was
thinking Andromeda Strain mystery as
four NASA astronauts are rushed to the
hospital without explanation after
returning from space it was the
celebratory break room cake they cheaped
out they didn't get an ice cream cake it
was the discount white cake and it was
just not
good that gel icing they went on the
they talked to their uh medical AI it's
like uh if I've been in space for the
last 6 months and I'm paying blood it's
over they were over 6 months wasn't it
cuz it said that was the the most that
they' ever had before on they were the
stranded ones yeah so they don't know
that there's no if you're wondering why
we're not telling you what their
symptoms were it's because we don't know
NASA hasn't told us yet well they
shouldn't yeah that is their medical but
I am but I am personally interested I
want to know we hope they're okay we
hope it really was the break room cake
yeah not something that happened in
space and uh we actually remember we
talked about when they were building
this thing well they built it and they
sent it up and it works world's first
wood panel satellite launched into space
and is fully operational about the 70s
earlier this this fully operational 900
G Battle Star is uh ready to
go it is uh like it's still kind of
heavy for what it is and they're so like
well maybe it's not the best thing but
the great thing about it is it will
mostly burn up when it falls out of
space
less space junk and in space none of the
things that destroy W exist so it should
be fine until you know the Boeing
satellite debris hits it and blows it
up now this is the one it's like earlier
you know we're talking about do people
not know that open AI exists well some
people are operating just totally you
know like they they don't pay attention
to anything I don't blame them for it I
didn't think this was real until I saw
it on Google transs I envy them on some
levels maybe but I think how happy they
are it's an astonishing level of
ignorance about the world around you did
Joe Biden drop out Google searches a
spike on Election night suggesting many
Americans had no idea he wasn't running
meanwhile I was Googling where is Lena
Khan is she okay I I read this story
like I thought this was no this is you
go go to Google trans but then also I
thought of my Socrates remember Socrates
and Socrates was like oh we should never
we should never do a true democracy you
should only be able to vote if you
really put the time in to understand
things and it was like oh this is this
is not what Socrates would have wanted
although once you I feel like I have way
more understanding of the political
landscape than those people do how much
does
that and yeah there it's like a fire
hose of information how do you determine
what's relevant too I mean am I going to
enact any real change with that
information yeah am I just making myself
more miserable yeah I'm just going to be
sadder and or need more hate apps I
don't know it's just we
got somebody complained that we were
doing anti- communist propaganda last
week when we talked about the Halloween
story so we still have the the little
pinks visiting our comment section
here's another opportunity for you Hong
Kong government should display baby
photos in offices to encourage civil
servants to have children a lawmaker
says they do appear to have actually
said that can perhaps this person can
explain why this is propaganda is it
propaganda to encourage people people to
have
children I think it's
irresponsible it's like well we need
more like work life balance we need to
be able to afford child care and extra
food and education and blah blah it's
like no no no we'll just put up some
pictures in the office so you want to
have a
baby easy and uh I am not up to speed on
my Nigerian scandals but this one seems
kind of insane and maybe along the same
line it seems like that there was some
really serious government corruption
some people went to the streets to talk
about it and kind of like Hong Kong bad
things happened Nigeria drops treason
charges against children after outcry
and there was a protest but like the
archive footage of this protest it
doesn't seem like it was an unreasonable
protest like did you see what happened
in Portland things got a little out of
hand in Portland this doesn't seem like
it was at all that but these like 14year
olds were brought up on treason charges
which doesn't make any sense at
all so also when they were brought into
court apparently they collapsed because
they had not been fed during their
incarceration that was a problem and uh
because of that public outcry was enough
that they were like all right we're
going to let the kids go but only the
kids they will now be scarred for life
now this is interesting because as an
American I read this headline and I was
like they're probably doing that now
right because that's what we do we let
our prisoners build things for major
corporations but apparently this was not
now this was in the past and they're sad
about it Ikea will pay 6 million EUR to
East German prisoners forced to build
their Furniture in a landmark move this
was in the 80s East German 92 when was
the collapse of East Germany was that
like 92 96 somewhere through there I've
forgotten the Berlin Wall yeah that's uh
no that was that was Prior of that right
80s late 80s somewhere through there but
during that time if you did not agree
with the Communists you went into the
work camps and you made some beautiful
Ikea furniture
does this mean that the companies that
are responsible for lead contamination
in you know past the 1970s are also
responsible for that and like we will
see
them remedy that situation doesn't that
mean that IBM and Volkswagen should be
paying some money yeah yeah that's
that's exactly where I was going with
that here's an insane story and uh be
careful about taking you know like the
social media challenges this wasn't even
that this was just some people just
having some fun in the parking lot man
died after friends dared him to sit on a
box of fireworks to win an auto Rick
Shaw oh this was this was in India and I
feel like some some friends maybe took
advantage of their one friend was like
all right I'll do it whatever it's like
this is a dangerous terrible situation
and he died fact deadly and probably a
really bad way to die too yeah it says
something about where we're from that I
read that and was like that sounds like
something that could happen in Eastern
Kentucky and then you're like oh it's in
India yeah it's literally literally the
origin place of hold my beard
well uh if you are bicycling around you
of course have to be very defensive
because the other things on the road can
easily kill you especially the really
big ones ambulance hits an Oregon
bicyclist rushes into the hospital and
then sticks him with the $1,800 bill for
the ambulance ride the lawsuit says dude
also racked up
$4,000 of hospital bills and was 71
years old and probably going to have
another $50,000 of medical bills he's
asking for
$997,000 man that sucks if you're 71 it
looks like he's in pretty good shape
here other than he probably was in great
shape he was cycling around cycling
around yeah he's like I'm doing
everything I can to make my last year's
great and then you just get smooshed Oh
by an ambulance apparently that's a big
problem in Lexington not the ambulance
part but like people getting people
psychist getting hit in Lexington OH
Lexington is famously like they just
simply not enforc traffic laws right now
yeah doesn't
Wasteland speaking of a wasteland well
we talked about the the white balls
right that was up in Canada right this
is different this is Industrial Waste
plus fat birds but there's there's balls
everywhere there beach balls Sydney
identifies disgusting balls that shut
down the beaches so this was stuff from
the ocean that was washing up I thought
it was fat bgs at first and it turns out
it is fat bgs but it's also industrial
solvents and cleaners and and other like
chemicals like that that have formed
these amalgams that have washed up on
the beach and oh they smell terrible and
they like the descriptions are colorful
and terrible yeah this is a good article
like if you if you don't want to eat
maybe read this my favorite thing about
this is that they were full of drugs
yeah was like wait drugs what is there
smuggling no no no it's the drugs that
you take that you you poop out and they
based on that they were like based the
the kind of drugs and the level of drugs
here we believe this was a very affluent
neighborhood and there poops just out in
the
ocean some sewage line has failed
catastrophically
yeah this one was terrifying because uh
at first it's like oh my God there's an
axe attack but then there's more details
that make it even crazier axe attack on
Paris train leaves four teens injured
including one that lost a hand oh and uh
like no one knew how to stop a crazy
person wielding an axe which is a
16-year-old apparently but their skull
split open but here's the crazy part the
axe was not the only weapon there were
baseball bats knives and a katana was
this like the scene in Anchor Man where
they they all pull out different it's
something like that I mean somebody
literally lost a hand that escalated
quickly yeah but my other favorite thing
about this is because this was between
trains none of the trains were slowed
down by this they had it all cleaned up
by the time the next train C man why
does it smell like bleach in this car no
this was on the platform oh okay it
wasn't even in the I thought it was on
the train at least in Anchor Man they
had the unwritten rule not to mess each
other's faces up oh yeah of
course now this story confuses me
because I don't know I just don't see
any warning signs here do you I'm not
sure how anybody could have predicted
this Houston mother accused of trying to
sell her newborn to the highest bidder
on Facebook hopefully that child is in
foster service now she's been arrested
so she posted on Facebook that she was
going to have to give up a child and she
was looking for somebody to take it a
little bit of a warning it's going to
test positive for
drugs and then some people reached out
and they were like oh my God let me take
care of that baby because Jesus you
cannot raise it and she immediately
based on the Facebook records started
asking for money I like yeah this is not
a free
baby not free to a good home which is
sad and here's an interesting one in
terms of like how entitled can two human
beings actually be kind of horrifying
the answer will shock you Vancouver
couple drops their lawsuit against an
Irish nanny for quitting so the
Vancouver couple drafted a contract and
said we need you to be a nanny for this
long this is the pay please don't quit
we really and you know contract is a
contract is a contract but they thought
they were Rumple stiltskin or something
because the Irish nanny was they worked
for a while and then said uh I'm out
with six weeks left to go and so the
Vancouver couple sued the Irish nanny
well they've they've dropped the suit
after attracting a lot of unwanted
attention at the unreasonableness
there's a comparison to like indentured
servitude here isn't it like well you
have to give damages right this guy was
a lawyer so he knew what he was doing so
one of the damages that he sided was she
didn't say goodbye to the children which
traumatized them the other damage was
that she didn't go until December which
is going to ruin the holidays for the
children I don't understand her
reasoning though they claim one day the
father was sick so he stayed home and he
was like oh you can just go home today
but they paid her for that day but that
was the reason she
quit it's
weird there's probably more to that
right yeah I suspect those that couple
was probably maybe not a great employer
oh well you read that lawsuit you can
tell they were really annoying people
for
sure and
uh when you are doing undercover work
it's important to stop before you start
committing crimes like you can pretend
that you're going to commit the crimes
but when it comes down to the moment you
have to control yourself 13 Louisville
officers disciplined after inappropriate
contact during prostitution busts put on
leave with pay yeah you can you can
literally imagine what they did the
prosecutor was like I can't I can't
bring a case cuz you kept going after
you had enough
evidence now the disgusting thing here
that this shows you the state of our
country is after they threw this case
out they had to give back $270
some, and two cars that They seized
asset forfeiture
which is probably the real reason they
were interested in the in the
girls and uh if you don't follow the IRL
streamers don't start it's a horrible
black hole and this is maybe the worst
of them South Korean police arrest
American YouTuber for his safety he was
causing trouble and doing ter like it
just please no please please no he is
someone who just simply tries to get as
much attention as he can by being
horrible he's been k out of Japan he's
been kicked out of Israel and now
arrested in Korea the thing about the
Koreans is there were other Korean IRL
streamers who decided to hunt
him the most dangerous
game so they're claiming this is just
protective custody I imagine they're
just trying to get him deported that'd
be a great
miniseries it's entertaining some of
that stuff's entertaining I mean I don't
want to watch at IRL but like imagine
like a hunt but it's like a digal hunt
like that one headline that I read
suggested that it was kind of protective
custody but they said look we've got
enough stuff here that you could be
facing 10 years but we just go away we
just want you to leave and not come back
which is a smart thing for them to do
and uh up in Ohio it seems that
everybody is armed with uh this is like
kids in the 80s right everybody ninja
stars yeah uh elderly man fends off
machete attack with his nunchucks
from this is not we don't have a lot to
go on here but there an elderly man that
was walking through a neighborhood and
he seemed to think that one of his
friends that he hadn't talked to in
Forever lived somewhere in the
neighborhood and so he was going door
too knocking on doors so he knocked on
this one door and said you know like hey
does Bob live here and it's like no
there's no one named Bob and he's said
oh okay and so he left and then this
other dude comes this this you know this
is like an 80-year-old and so like the
60y old 80y old was the door kner yeah
yeah that's what I mean the and then
this 60-year-old comes out wielding a
rusty machete and uh not glorious is
chasing the the elderly person after
he's already left and is knocking on the
door of the next door neighbor and so
the police arrested the 60-year-old for
assaulting the 80-year-old and the
80-year-old fortunately had defensive
nunchucks but here's the thing right
he's not just going door too he's going
door to door with
nunchucks well yeah he want to stay
strapped
I mean if he was keeping those in his
back pocket that's fine although I don't
think it is I don't think it's legal
right but no no there's there's people
around here that you know walk with a
sidearm that's
not I guess if he's carrying them openly
yeah open carrying open carry n
CHS and uh this is an interesting one
because uh this case seems sloppy but at
the same time she seems guilty as Sin
and so does the husband Florida's
convicted killer clown released from
prison and the story that this newspaper
CNN whatever has written whoever wrote
this yeah she does like there's there's
more than a preponderance of EV if IID
read this and I was going to be on the
jury I wouldn't be on the wouldn't be
allowed to be on the jury because of
this article the biggest one for me is
she was cheating with the husband who
owned a car dealership her getaway car
was stolen from the same car dealership
the day before that's wildly convenient
and there were clown hairs in it now
that could be planted also this is crazy
cuz she dressed up as a clown went to
the woman knocked on the door had
balloons the the wife answered the door
and she gave her the balloons she was
like oh my God these are so beautiful
and then just blast her in the face but
they gave her the balloons first what a
terrible Darkness well she's back with
us she's out there running around
Clowning Around Flor FL not even once
yeah I just there's a lot of reasons
that I just avoid Florida and uh you
know stories about the government taking
your pets and killing them well we're
seeing more and more of those aren't we
it's sad there's a tiny bit of Justice I
suppose 11-year-old girl wins $300,000
after police seize and Slaughter her pet
goat the wildest thing about this is
that when this news article reached out
to ask what did you do wrong the
prosecutor said we didn't do anything
wrong and as evidenced by the case the
family dropping the case and it's and
then the reporter was like what didn't
didn't you give them
$300,000 yeah they didn't want to go to
trial and it's like but if they they
don't want to go to okay sounds good
this is an interesting story so you know
how they do like the 4 yeah like you got
to learn how animal husbandry and you
know the the realities of being a farm
girl so she put her goat up to be
auctioned
off but she got the idea that like it
wasn't a prize goat and they were just
going to eat it her her grandparents
died and because of that according to
this that she became attached to the
goat because like during this her
grandparents died or whatever so she was
heartbroken of the idea that the goat
was going to be killed so they withdrew
the goat but the guy that ran the
auction was like no she must learn the
farm lessons we will have the goat they
took the goat to another location to try
to hide it 200 miles away and the
deputies went and got it
and the the prosecutor also said that uh
because they they didn't have
jurisdiction to do that but the farm was
like I guess here you go and the
prosecutor said because the farm handed
it over willingly not because officers
were lying through their teeth probably
about the circumstances of needing the
goat that no crime had been committed
which is another thing where it's like
show me the search warrant now the other
crazy thing about the last line of that
story they say that the little girl is
getting
$65,000 does that mean the rest of the
300's going to the lawyers probably yeah
oh oh that's the that's the travesty of
Justice right
there maybe by the time she gets to be
College age that'll pay for one year of
tuition no not even close that's not
even going to pay her AI fees that's
like three months of
groceries and if you're running around
in uh where was this South Carolina sou
Carolina watch out you're going to be
around there soon oh you might get
monkey
bit bit by 43 monkeys Escape South
Carolina research facility police warn
residents to secure their doors and
windows the article was hopeful that
they'll be able to lure most of them
back they had already lured some of them
back with the promise of
apples these were young monkeys that
weren't old enough to be tested yet so
they've got a long rich life of being
medical tested ahead of them well I
think they will probably this is sad but
they'll probably just be put down
because they've been exposed to outside
pathogens that's true Sweet Air of
Freedom can't let them have it and we
can't let the mosquitoes keep keep
breeding incessantly and we can't really
figure out how to stop them but this
apparently works now the way to beat the
ding fever deaf mosquitoes stop
procreating I think eventually life
would find a way right yeah I think
they'll figure this out they'll sense
the vibrations of like wings or
something well that's how it works yeah
they they do it on the
wing for up to a minute that's to be
like a long straight path right I guess
yeah I bet a lot of mosquitoes run into
stuff and die during
compulation and this one is literally
just a story about a picture but it's a
great picture Mina bomb's Motorway
camera in New Zealand and neon's amused
Mina the type of
bird it it does look angry like what are
you doing no apparently was just
screaming at the traffic camera the
whole time engagement challenge caption
this
photo maybe that's the sound it makes I
should look it up and uh oh I love this
yeah this is this one that was about
image this one's just about a video
raccoon drops from ceiling at LaGuardia
Airport and goes on the Run freaking
people out it was the Spirit Airlines
because where else be be Delta maybe
there's not much to it he falls behind
the little divider back there and we
lose track of Delta really has gone
downhill since they stopped having
Cincinnati be the Hub it's
depressing and uh here's something happy
a happy note to end on because everybody
body loves mooding and mooding is going
to grow up quickly baby haggus the new
mooding hippo pigm hippo is born in
Edinburgh I didn't switch the camera for
you didn't switch the camera that was
that the whole time oops well that's
okay that means they get more screen
time with baby hagget but NPR gave us
two images listen I've had a lot of tea
and my kidneys have done their job so it
is time to go two images is not enough
what was this little guy's name I don't
remember haggus oh yeah hag maybe haggas
was in the
title look how cute he is interestingly
isn't haggus uh meat stuffed in sheep
intestine it is kind of a weird name
isn't it yeah so like is this this pygmy
himo it's like it has nothing to do with
meat stuffed in sheep
intestine maybe it's like a secretly
violent cuz mudang was super violent
these little hippos do kind of look like
you know like just been stuffed into
your they kind of look like a sausage
they're really cute a cute death sausage
I don't want to judge this one yet but I
feel like he's not on M ding's cute
level maybe he needs to grow a little
bit he might still have some he might
still have some goo on him where he just
boring you're not allowed to interact
with him for a certain amount of time so
don't run out to the zoo they're not
even going to let you get near him until
he's been you know through his most
formative phase I I guess probably to
make sure the mom doesn't reject him
that would be really sad yeah anyway
you've wasted a perfectly good amount of
time that I don't know with us we will
see you guys next week please buy our
stuff and tell your friends about this
show bye
[Music]